Update setup-dev-environment-index.adoc (#1633)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/setup-dev-environment-index.adoc

= Set up the Development Environment
:description: A description of all Bonita features that allow the creation of a customized, shared, and automated development environment.

> A description of all Bonita features that allow the creation of a customized, shared, and automated development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{description}
```

[.card-section]
== Customize, share, automate 

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:bonita-bpm-studio-preferences.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita Studio configuration# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Adapt Bonita Studio to your needs]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:configure-maven.adoc[[.card-title]#How to configure Maven# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[A central piece of your Bonita projects]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:workspaces-and-repositories.adoc[[.card-title]#Workspaces and projects# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[The structure of all the content you create]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:shared-project.adoc[[.card-title]#Set up Bonita Studio with GitHub# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Share and version your projects]#]

Reviewer: Git != Github 

```suggestion
xref:shared-project.adoc[[.card-title]#Set up Bonita Studio with Git# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Share and version your projects]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:migrate-a-svn-repository-to-github.adoc[[.card-title]#How to migrate a SVN repository into a Git repository# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Because Bonita uses Git]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:migrate-a-svn-repository-to-github.adoc[[.card-title]#How to migrate a SVN repository into a Git repository# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Manual to migrate from SVN to Git]#]
```

Author: made a change here

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:automating-builds.adoc[[.card-title]#Automating builds# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Make your project ready for deployment on any environment]#]

Reviewer 2: Does not exist anymore in 2021.2

Author: What do you mean? 
That we do not want to talk about that in 2021.2 ?
Or that I have lost the pages between 2021.1 and 2021.2 ?

Reviewer 2: As the Workspace API has been deleted in 2021.2, those article were not relevant anymore

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:set-up-continuous-integration.adoc[[.card-title]#Set up continuous integration# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[The first environment to deploy into]#]

Reviewer 2: Does not exist anymore in 2021.2

Author: What do you mean?
That we do not want to talk about that in 2021.2 ?
Or that I have lost the pages between 2021.1 and 2021.2 ?

Reviewer 2: As the Workspace API has been deleted in 2021.2, those article were not relevant anymore

--

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
